h1. Codeigniter-RedBean-Plugin

Ini adalah plugin yang mengkoneksikan ReadBeanPHP ( Readbean PHP adalah ORM - Object Relational Mapping ) 
ke project CodeIginiter anda. Untuk Download ReadBeanPHP silahkan ke http://readbeanphp.com. Untuk Codeigniter , 
silahkan ke http://codeigniter.com 



h2. Instalasi

# *Download* Plugin ini dan ektraklah ke Project CI anda (akan ada 2 file yang terbentuk di @/system/plugin@ folder.
# *Enable* @ci_readbean@ plugin dengan menambahkan ke autoload, yaitu file @application/config/autoload.php@ bagian library
# *Konfigurasi* database seperti biasa
# *Buat model* yang meng extends  class @RedbeanModel@ .


h2. Usage

To use the new functionality, just create new instances of your models in your controller, add properties to them and call their @save()@ method. The creation or alternation of the database tables aswell as the persistence will be completely handled by redbean. You will never have to touch your phpmyadmin again, because your model's properties will be persisted, even if the models did not have a similar property before.

If you want to use this in production, you may want to freeze your database to prevent further changes and to enhance performance. To do that just add the following line to your database config file:

bc.. //system/application/config/database.php
$db['default']['frozen'] = TRUE;

h2. Example


bc.. //system/application/models/Car_model.php
class Car_model extends RedbeanModel { }

//system/application/controllers/welcome.php
class Welcome extends Controller
{
  function index()
  {
    //Creates the table
    $car = new Car_model();
    $car->manufacturer = "Opel";
    $car->model = "Admiral";
    $car->save();
    
    //Transparently alters the existing table
    $car->tires = 4;
    $car->save();
  }
}
